# CustomClenderPicker

#### 介绍
[输入链接说明](https://gitee.com/xiyg/common-package/blob/master/Simulator%20Screen%20Shot%20-%20iPhone%208%20-%202022-04-28%20at%2020.43.53.png)
#### 软件架构
软件架构说明
MVC
#### 安装教程

1.  Framework 导入
- Download the latest release of `CustomClenderPicker.framework` the zip.
- Drag `CustomClenderPicker.framework` from the directory for the version of Xcode you are using into your project. Make sure Copy items if needed is selected.
- Go to your Xcode project’s “General” settings. Change “Do Not Embed” to “Embed & Sign” for `CustomClenderPicker.framework`  in the “Frameworks, Libraries, and Embedded Content” section.

2.  XCFramework 导入
- Download the latest release of `CustomClenderPicker.xcframework` the zip.
- Drag `CustomClenderPicker.xcframework` from the directory for the version of Xcode you are using into your project. Make sure Copy items if needed is selected.
- Go to your Xcode project’s “General” settings. Change “Do Not Embed” to “Embed & Sign” for `CustomClenderPicker.xcframework`  in the “Frameworks, Libraries, and Embedded Content” section.
3.  Cocopods 导入

- Install CocoaPods 1.10.0 or later.
- Run pod repo update to make CocoaPods aware of the latest available CustomClenderPicker versions.
- In your Podfile, add use_frameworks! and pod 'CustomClenderPicker' to your main and test targets.
- From the command line, run pod install.
- Use the .xcworkspace file generated by CocoaPods to work on your project!

4.  Swift Package Manager  导入

- In your peoject Navi to add file-> addpackage ->input `https://gitee.com/xiyg/custom-clender-picker.git `Add  to your Project’s ‘Swift Packages’ section.
- Input desired version.
- import `CustomClenderPicker.xcframework`.

5.  Carthage  导入

- Install Carthage 0.33.0 or later.
- Add github "CustomClenderPicker" to your Cartfile.
- Run carthage update.
- Drag CustomClenderPicker.framework from the project directory in Carthage/Build/ to the “Linked Frameworks and Libraries” section of your Xcode project’s “General” settings.
- iOS/tvOS/watchOS: On your application target’s “Build Phases” settings tab, click the “+” icon and choose “New Run Script Phase”. Create a Run Script with the following contents:

`/usr/local/bin/carthage copy-frameworks`
- and add the paths to the frameworks you want to use under “Input Files”, :

`$(SRCROOT)/Carthage/Build/iOS/Realm.framework$(SRCROOT)/Carthage/Build/iOS/RealmSwift.framework`
This script works around an App Store submission bug triggered by universal binaries.
